[NATSUME]
Pipe!
Hey, Pipe!
Where'd you go? Come on!
[KABURAGI]
Hey!
[NATSUME]
You're here!
Sorry, Boss.
Pipe's in danger 'cause of me.
The fight is about to get bad
and spill into this cave.
You need to get
back to Deca‐dence.
But it's my fault Pipe's
trapped down here.
[KABURAGI] You're not
ready for this battle.
Yeah? Then what have I been
training for all of this time?
Come on, Pipe.
We gotta get you outta here!
[shrieks]
Huh?
Get dead! Bring it!
Yeah.
[GEAR B]
Damn, bro, that was a nice shot!
[GEAR A]
Don't slow down, we gotta‐‐
[GEAR B]
Oh damn, bro!
[pants]
[KABURAGI]
Calm down.
Take deep breaths.
First thing to do
when you're panicked
is get control
of your breathing.
In through your nose,
out through your mouth.
Yeah, got it.
Thanks, Boss.
[NATSUME]
I can see it. I can see it!
Dammit. We've
barely made a dent!
As soon as you kill one
another takes its place!
[RYOKU]
Hold up. Look there.
[SOU]
That's a Tanker, isn't it?
Huuuh...
[KABURAGI]
Move!
[NATSUME]
Pipe!
Aw, Pipe.
Thank goodness you're okay.
[NATSUME]
You seem pretty happy about it.
[rumbling]
[GEAR K]
That noise.
What is that?
‐‐You stay put.
‐‐Oh shit!
‐‐There's no way.
‐‐[GEAR E] Watch out!
[TANKER D] It's heading
for Deca‐dence. Follow it!
Eat this!
Yeah, you show 'em, Mindy!
Did we mop everything up?
Huh? Hey, what's that?
Commander, look!
Incoming!
Huh?! Get out of its way!
Don't get smashed!
What the hell is that thing?
This is it. Fire!
‐‐Nothing.
‐‐[GEAR H] It's armored.
‐‐[GEAR I] Close in!
‐‐Wait!
Damn you!
Let's go!
[SOU]
Twiggy little legs on you!
[RYOKU]
Let's fix that nasty‐ass face!
You bastard! Kill him!
[cheering]
[GEAR M]
Hot damn, Kurenai is a beast!
She's here.
It's really her,
the strongest Tanker!
[KURENAI] You really put on
a clinic back there, soldier.
Huh? What?
Oh. Wait, what?
Uh, I just did what I could!
Oh gosh.
It's an honor to fight at your
side, Miss Kurenai. And also!
My name is Natsume!
So you just joined?
What's your unit?
Oh. No, ma'am.
There's no way I could cut it
in The Power with my skills.
[surprised sounds]
Who said that?
They told me I was a bug.
[KURENAI]
Meaning?
That I'm a tiny,
weak, annoying creature.
Hey. Cut it out.
There's nothing weak about you.
If you think you're an insect,
that makes these two
something like boogers.
[gasps]
[laughs nervously]
[KURENAI]
Natsume.
We want you to join The Power.
You in?
[NATSUME]
Wh‐What? But I just‐‐
[KURENAI] You have the will
to fight and the skill to win.
That's what we need.
Natsume.
Come join the team.
[TANKER B]
Glad to have ya!
[TANKER A]
Cheers, kid!
[TANKER C]
Welcome aboard!
You made it.
Great!
Hey, Boss!
All your training worked.
I'm gonna be a soldier!
And I owe everything to you!
Don't die on me, okay?
He's right.
Don't go getting
yourself killed out there.
After all...
Ah! Mister Kabu?
What an unexpected
honor to see you, sir!
Uh... "Mister Kabu"?
Guess that hasn't changed.
[KURENAI] I couldn't stop
myself dreaming of the day
we'd meet again
on the battlefield!
Update our course.
Now, Deca‐dence,
full speed ahead!
We're charging straight
into the Gadoll nest!
[CYBORG C] Y'all, this
next event is gonna be epic!
I hear that in the old days, the
map was called "Mount Everest."
I've never felt cold before!
I'm getting goosebumps already!
[KURENAI] Three days ago,
the Gears found something big.
We know where the
Gadoll spawning ground is.
This operation
has one objective.
We are to neutralize
this structure.
Burn their nest.
The nest is located near
the summit of this mountain.
The area is blanketed in a heavy
fog and visibility is limited.
Accordingly, this operation
will be carried out
entirely using ground troops.
Per the Gears' scouting reports,
the source of
the fog has been traced
to an unknown
Gadoll in the area,
meaning in order
to complete the mission,
we have to take it out.
To that end,
squad 6 will be coordinating
with our Gear comrades in order
to eliminate this target,
designated "Gadoll alpha."
It's been sighted here.
About 5500 meters up.
There's a large
split in the rock.
This fight will take place
at high elevation.
Your stamina will
be compromised.
So above all,
‐‐act efficiently and always‐‐
‐‐[NATSUME] Right!
Do you have a question?
Uh, no, sorry!
Please, continue.
[laughter]
Okay, settle down everyone,
let's continue the briefing.
Right, then.
Moving on to the main force.
Squads 1 through 5.
[KABURAGI]
What? The warrior department?
Yep, it seems like you really
turned some heads
in your battle the other day.
For real, look at all this.
[KABURAGI]
No way.
[MINATO] Like you're rolling
with the ranker crew again.
Yeah, you think?
I mean, really.
[MINATO]
You've spent enough time
crawling around in the dirt.
Whatever debt you owed is paid.
We talked to maintenance
and everything's been set up.
You can come home!
They don't have a
ranker program anymore.
I'm not sure what I'd do.
What I'm about to say
stays in this room.
But this Gadoll Nest
event is unwinnable.
[KABURAGI]
What?
[MINATO] Even a fully optimized
squad of S‐ranked gears
won't stand a chance
in a fight against alpha.
And of course, that means
the fog's not gonna clear.
The vast majority of the Gear
population will be killed off.
Deca‐dence will teeter
on the brink of annihilation.
Until the heroes of legend
return in our hour of need.
This is a major story event.
You're gonna be
part of the canon.
Crazy, right?
I mean, for you it'll be
about like being a ranker.
[KABURAGI]
I get it.
So everyone who
participates in the new event.
They're gone.
Anyone A‐class
or below, goes poof.
Extreme shakeups like that
test better with the users.
Hey, Kabu?
You're still with me, right?
[KABURAGI]
Oh, yeah. Yeah, I'm here.
Seriously.
I'm stoked to get a chance
to work with you again.
Glad to have
your help with all this.
Just make sure you
keep your head down
until the event's over.
[KABURAGI]
Sure thing.
[KURENAI] This will be
the largest military operation
in history.
The final battle.
We cannot fail.
[GEARS]
Yes, ma'am!
H‐hour is four a. m. tomorrow.
That's all.
Dismissed!
These are your squadmates.
Meet Mindy, Mundy, and Mendy.
They're triplets.
They were the babies of
the team till you showed up.
Natsume's in squad 6 with you
three, so take good care of her.
Yes, ma'am!
I'll leave it to you, then.
So you're all caught up, huh?
Everyone's seen
what you can do, rook,
but don't forget you're
part of a team now.
No running off on
your own to play hero.
Okay.
Thank you for the advice.
Sure. Good to meetcha.
[NATSUME]
The pleasure is mi‐‐
Quit that!
Sorry, it's still new.
What the hell is
that s'posed to mean?
Are you gonna fight with a
weapon you don't know?
Whoa, damn, chill, Mindy.
Yeah, don't scare her off!
Get it together!
You could die out there,
ya friggin' noob!
[MUNDY]
Hey!
[MENDY] Why are you
freakin' out like that?
It's not even a big deal!
[NATSUME]
Fei!
Natsume.
Don't take too long.
Long time no see, Fei.
Hope you're doing good.
Crazy, I was actually
just thinking you and I
should catch up sometime!
Right now, maybe?
[FEI]
Sorry. I've still got work.
[NATSUME]
Wait a sec!
Something wrong?
Is there?
You're gonna do what you want
no matter what I say, right?
And I can't be okay
with it, so that's it.
‐‐[NATSUME] Fei‐‐
‐‐[LINMEI] Fei!
How long are you
gonna keep talking?
Coming, sorry!
[knock, knock]
You're visiting me this time?
I guess I must have done
something right, huh!
By all means, shove something
out of the way and have a seat!
Great timing, too,
I was actually just about to
come bring you something.
I got some milk!
I thought we could share
a little bit with Pipe.
After all we gotta cut loose
on the eve of the final battle!
So you plan to take part too.
Hold on.
When you say "too,"
does that mean you're gonna be
rolling out into battle with us?
Awesome!
That's like having an extra
million guys on our side!
[KABURAGI] Natsume,
you've been a great student.
Even a Gear could hardly
learn to fight so well, so fast.
And I mean that.
[NATSUME]
Thank you, that means a lot.
But, look, this operation
is on another level.
You need to back out.
It's all good, Boss!
After all, I learned
from the best there is!
I said stay home.
What about all the
support you've given me?
The end of the war is in sight!
We can finally
defeat the Gadoll!
You won't succeed, and the
Gadoll aren't going anywhere.
C'mon, Boss,
you don't really mean that.
This isn't like you.
[KABURAGI]
It won't end.
Tomorrow or ever.
[NATSUME]
We found the nest.
We can take out all
of them in one shot!
[KABURAGI]
You don't know.
You're not making history,
you're repeating it.
There is no nest
in the first place.
[NATSUME]
Why are you saying this?
Why are you lying to me?
I'm not lying.
Then why would they say
they found the nest‐‐
How long do you think this
damn war has been going on?
It's been centuries!
I know! That's why I've been
working my ass off to finish i‐‐
You don't!
The game wasn't meant‐‐
I told you.
Some things don't change.
Maybe not,
but I refuse to give up.
You won't make it through this.
Natsume, I'm begging you.
Stay home.
Get off me!
[KABURAGI]
Why don't you get it?
I'm trying to save your life!
Let go! It's my life!
I decide what to
do with it, not you!
[crashing]
[KABURAGI]
Stay home, Natsume.
[NATSUME cries]
There was no other way.
[MARCHEN]
To world peace.
[TANKERS]
Cheers!
[MARCHEN laughs]
I don't think
I'll ever get sick
of that toast.
[GOMEZ] That's gotta be the
30th time tonight, right?
[MARCHEN]
We can do better than that!
'Nother drink for
world peace, everyone!
[TANKERS]
Cheers!
[NATSUME]
Kurenai, ma'am.
[KURENAI]
Hmm?
Hey there.
Ya having fun yet?
Oh, yeah.
That's more than
I've ever eaten.
[KURENAI] Is that what
the tears are about?
Did you come here to
pull out of the mission?
Is that what you
believe is best for you?
It is.
Well, then that's what's best.
But for now,
go wash your face, okay?
Kurenai!
Um, you're basically a legend,
and I probably shouldn't ask,
but did you ever
think about giving up?
Oh yeah, way more
times than I could count.
[gasps]
So, then...
But a woman deserving
of Kabu's greatness
would never do that, of course.
[chuckles]
Well, thank you.
I'm heading out.
I'd be interested to hear
why you wanted to fight.
Armor repair is
an important job,
and it's less likely
to get you killed,
but you wanted to be a soldier.
Why would you risk your life?
[NATSUME]
I guess I...
See, for me.
Sometimes I look up and
see the inside of this tank,
and suddenly it's like
I'm not even really alive.
[NATSUME] So going out
to fight on the surface
helps you with that.
Sitting here inside
our filthy little cage,
breathing this
stale air till I die.
That's what scares me.
[NATSUME]
Whatcha lookin' at?
Come here, Natsume.
A long, long time ago,
thousands of humans lived there.
[NATSUME]
That's so amazing!
[MURO] And this dome used
to be part of a mobile fortress.
[NATSUME]
You mean like an old Deca‐dence?
[MURO]
That's right.
[NATSUME]
What's this?
A waterfall.
That's rain that flowed
down from the mountain.
Wow.
Pretty!
[MURO chuckles] I guess
it's a daily routine now.
[NATSUME]
Uh‐huh!
Someday, once
we've finished this war,
we'll be able to live out
there on the surface.
We will?
Of course!
And we'll be able to
pick out any place we like.
Back in the old times,
all humans could seek
a place for themselves.
Okay, then I'm gonna
become a soldier!
And I'll help everyone
win the war!
Right, Dad?
Whoa. You okay?
Her claw's acting up.
Ugh, you are such
a drag in every way.
And really,
with that arm of yours,
you'd be even more of
a chore to drag off the field.
You can't be a soldier.
Get over it
and find another job.
Tankers like us need
to stay inside Deca‐dence
where it's safe.
Was losing that arm not enough?
I told you.
Some things don't change.
Enough is enough.
Man, how much of that
mess are you gonna eat?
Gimme a break, would ya?
I'm trying to enjoy
my last supper.
I wasn't trying
to change the world.
The only thing I really wanted
to change was myself!
I'm sick of being weak
and feeling useless.
I want confidence.
So now you know.
That's my reason
for becoming a soldier!
[KURENAI]
Hmph!
Hahh?! That's my last skewer!
Almost time to deploy.
You're in, right?
Okay, so before I forget.
Could you spot me
a little cash maybe?
Huh?
[ANNOUNCER] The event
will begin in 15 minutes.
All staff please report to your
designated stations immediately.
You're kidding.
She's going out there with them?
That little idiot!
[MARCHEN]
Listen up! This is it.
The final battle!
We'll complete this mission,
whatever it takes!
Got that?
[GEARS]
Sir!
Move out!